[The locales, characters, agencies, and incidents
in this drama have no relevance to real life.]
[My Perfect Stranger]
[5: A Kind of a Confession]
What did you mean just now?
[Episode 5]
That how we met here is not a coincidence?
Timing and Subtitles brought to
you by the Time-Turner Team ⌚ @Viki
If this is all true, tonight...
that is, two nights before
the student teacher dies,
there was an incident where
she suddenly disappeared.
Thankfully, a townsperson found her.
It was revealed that
she simply lost her way
so it ended as a small
happening. But actually,
she looked like she was
being chased by someone.
Do you know where they found her?
By the river.
If it's the closest place from the bus station
and village office, it should be about here.
What the—?
Ms. Lee Joo Young!
- Ms. Lee Joo Young...
- No, it's not! It's not me!
[Ilshin Photography]
What the hell are you guys
doing? You all want to die?
Mr. Yoon Hae Joon, it's you again!
Shit.
It's not enough that you failed once. You
want to repeat it two or three more times!
You released Go Min Soo?
Why?
I just followed orders.
That's a very responsible thing to say.
Since this is the way you conduct things...
This one mistake must end
now, Detective Baek Dong Shik.
If we're not lucky,
someone's life is in danger again
because of the punk you released tonight.
Was it Go Min Soo just now?
No way. Could he have again...
No matter what he does, you
guys have nothing to say. Right?
It drives me crazy that I
had to do such a stupid thing!
Just answer my questions straight.
Was it Go Min Soo just now?
I don't know.
- What? You don't know?
- I could've found out
who it was and what he was
going to do if we caught him, but
we don't know anything,
thanks to you-know-who.
Of course, even if I knew, I had no intention
of sharing it with irresponsible police.
So please, let's not run
into each other again.
You just...
lost your way?
Yeah, that's right. I can't
see very well at night.
I was scared for no reason.
But you weren't scared
for no reason. Right?
There was someone.
He even ran away.
Well, I didn't even know there was anyone.
For someone who didn't know,
wasn't that a very specific reaction?
Don't you remember?
You yelled out earlier that it wasn't you.
No, it's not! It's not me!
What's not you?
Has anyone questioned you about anything?
The one who escaped?
Do you know who that was?
I'm not sure what you're talking about.
Ms. Lee Joo Young,
I know it's hard to believe, but
I'm trying to help you right now.
We can only prevent what's
to come if you tell me honestly.
If you're being chased or threatened by someone,
you have to share everything, whatever it is.
- Ms. Lee Joo Young.
- Thank you...
Thank you for your concern, but...
you have a misunderstanding.
I was not chased...
or threatened by anyone ever.
My relatives will be worried.
Can I head home now, Mr. Yoon?
Wait a minute.
All right, you should go home for now.
We should go, too, Yoon Young.
Then I'll see you at school tomorrow.
But it's dangerous right now...
Let's get some twisted
breadsticks you like.
Why are you talking
about twisted bread sticks?
You can tell she's hiding something just by
looking at her. How can we send her away like that?
On top of that, she doesn't seem to realize
what's going to happen to her in two days.
Wait, but is this the way home?
[Motel Entrance] [Open Mind]
[Motel Entrance]
[Motel]
You wanted to make
sure she got home all right.
In case something else
happens that I don't know about.
Would there be?
If it's according to what I know,
nothing else will happen tonight.
But I don't know if it's the right answer.
Since I don't know what you
know and what you don't know.
Although you may feel the same.
Shall we find out? From now on?
Let's go. There's an
appropriate place for that.
[Red peppers, Sesame oil]
[Bong Bong Cafe]
Raise it together.
[Bong Bong]
- Raise it.
- This way.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
To the left. This way. This way.
Here, here. To the left side.
They say the letters fell
off last year by lightning.
But seeing how they're only fixing it now,
you can tell how indifferent
and irresponsible the boss is.
So it wasn't spelled with "H." (ㅎ)
That name is already familiar to you.
It's like a hometown for
those damn matchboxes.
Done. Turn it on.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
♫ I found the meaning of life ♫
♫ Come to me, darling ♫
♫ If there's anything you want,
I'll give it all to you ♫ [Bong Bong]
♫ If you have any doubts,
just rest your worries ♫
♫ I'll lead you only down the
flower path, so just come to me ♫
♫ Please hear me out for a little while ♫
♫ Your gaze that is like the
starlight has stolen my heart ♫
♫ Your love that is like destiny ♫
I don't know if you
already know, but here...
there was a serial murder case
in Woojeong Village in 1987.
As you might have guessed, I
have been following those cases.
Were you a detective?
If you happened to watch the news on
weekend evenings, you'd recognize me.
Were you a criminal?
Perhaps like standing in photo line-ups...
Isn't it reasonable to
assume I was an anchorman?
Oh, is that it?
Oh, you were on television. I
don't really watch the news. Sorry.
So that's how you viewed me?
Oh, no... It's not like that.
I just have various imaginations.
As someone living off of
you, I also want to be safe.
So, because of interviews or something?
Well, something like that.
When will the incident take place?
Two days later, on the 14th.
And then two days after that, on the 16th.
Two women's lives were lost in total and
- on the 20th...
- One person disappeared.
He left a note, so it was
treated as a runaway case.
But he actually died.
What did you say just now?
He died.
There were three victims in total.
For more than 30 years, there was
no body or any trace whatsoever.
The police, victim, and family
all don't know. But how do you...
I know it must be hard to believe, but I...
just told you what was written here.
["The People I Killed" by Go Mi Sook]
It's a novel.
Written by Go Mi Sook.
Ms. Go, can't you share a small spoiler
from the novel you're currently writing?
Should I say it's a kind of confession?
Confession?
The main character...
reveals everything about a perfect crime
that someone committed over 30 years ago.
It was kind of a shame
to keep something like that
- to himself all his life.
- Whoa...
But if it was 30 years ago, it must have taken
place around the same time as this. [Small Door]
This time, I really
wanted to tell my story.
I'm joking. It's all made up.
I wrote the truth all in there.
Oh, of course. Gosh, Ms. Go...
I was the editor in charge of Go
Mi Sook's works for a long time.
Go Mi Sook?
That's why I had Go Mi Sook's new novel
that hasn't been released to the world yet.
I had completely forgotten
about it since I came here.
But ever since I saw the student
teacher, I felt a strange familiarity.
So you opened it up again, and the
descriptions are the same as the novel?
I never imagined she would write about
events that actually took place in real life.
Anyway, that's what it said.
Starting with that student
teacher, three women died, and
the real culprit was never caught.
There's mention of a real criminal?
Check the second page. Last
sentence of the last paragraph.
"In the end, the truth was never revealed.
The person who made
all these deaths happen...
was me.
Not even that delightful truth."
Now that you're not here in this house...
it feels really good.
["The People I Killed" by Go Mi Sook]
Do you really think Go Mi Sook did this?
The culprit was never caught
in real life, either. Right?
They did catch him.
The culprit denied it until the
end, but we can't know the truth.
Right. That's why she said that.
She stole my mom's
work for her first novel.
And this was really her story.
Then, this could be
considered as new evidence.
We can't make that conclusion.
In any case, this is a novel.
Even if it's based on true events,
you can add to it with more imagination.
And here, when she says "I," there's
no guarantee she is talking about herself.
But there's no guarantee it's fake, either.
You saw it earlier. She even wrote
where the missing student teacher was.
Someone who knows more than you do.
Wouldn't that be the culprit?
Since she lived in the same town,
she could've written down what
she heard and saw at the time.
Even if I had investigated,
those are all official records.
Why do you keep saying it's not her?
Why do you keep pushing
her to be the culprit?
Do you want Go Mi Sook to be the culprit?
You said you knew each other, so why...
That's why I'm suspicious of her.
Go Mi Sook that I know is
more than capable of doing that.
What did you just say?
You want to marry me?
What?
When did I...
What? You again?
What? Get married?
You didn't even date each
other yet. You're still kids!
No wonder you caused trouble so early on!
When did you even call
her out to meet alone?
Yoon Young! What's wrong with you? Why?
What trouble did I cause,
you dummy? Seriously!
I never said anything like that!
You said let's have a son and a
daughter and live happily ever after!
What?
Soon Ae, do you have a
hard time understanding?
When did I say "let's
live"? I said I "want to live."
You asked me what my dream is, so...
I said I would like to have a family!
I'm sorry, but I'm already dating
someone, so I can't accept your feelings.
- You have what?
- What do you have?
Actually, we are supposed
to meet in front in a bit.
Oh! He's there.
That guy is really... your boyfriend?
You said Dad was your first love...
It's true. That's why I
came out to tell you.
Then, I'll get going.
And I don't like flowers.
Have a good evening.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
Soon Ae!
Shit! Soon Ae!
[Bong Bong Cafe]
You need to explain what I just saw.
I was going to tell you eventually.
By chance...
is it your family?
Earlier, when they said
"a son and a daughter,"
I'm the one playing the daughter's role.
You are the suspect
Baek Hee Seop's daughter?
I'm so scared.
How can I report it?
I cannot get involved with the police!
I don't think I can stay here long, either.
Yeah.
Who could it be that knows who I am?
Oh, okay.
[Someone is watching you]
I understand you're very flustered.
I felt like that, too.
It was crazy enough that I was sent
back 30 years after a car accident.
But the man who hit me is a time traveler,
my mother's family lives right
across from where he lives...
Wow!
So why did you get into school?
And why were you
behaving that way at the cafe?
That's a bit complicated.
I was trying to separate
my mom and dad at the cafe.
What are you trying to separate?
I was only trying to make sure
Mom and Dad never meet, but
the longer I stayed, it became...
- By chance, are you an idiot?
- What?
Fine. Let's say everything
is a coincidence.
Let's say you woke up after a car accident
and saw your young parents in front of you.
And you thought of separating them?
Did you think about what kind of result
that would bring? You may disappear...
So what?
What did you say?
So what if that happened?
You think I don't know that?
One small act can completely change another person's
future. You told me on the first day I arrived here.
So what if that happened?
You asked me...
what I was doing by that river
before I came here, didn't you?
That day by the river,
my mom left us behind.
I didn't have the right to be resentful.
Because maybe we were the
ones who abandoned her first.
Loving us without receiving
love back like a fool.
[Soon Ae]
She became a name who
could be deleted like a fool.
Maybe one day she suddenly realized it.
There were too many
moments she couldn't turn back.
It was already too late.
I thought earnestly that day by the river.
If I were given one chance...
It'd be so nice if I could
change just one moment in time.
Maybe I just look like an idiot.
But I really don't care what happens to me.
Thinking about the things my mom didn't
get to do before she reached that river,
I couldn't bear anything else anyway.
I'm sorry. I wasn't
going to tell you all this.
Let's go inside. I think it's
best to get some rest tonight.
Yes.
I should have asked him about this.
No way. No way.
That day by the river,
my mom left us behind.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
You picked it up, by chance?
Exactly when and where?
I just saw it floating
in this town's river.
I just picked it up without thinking.
Then, why was that there?
[Suspects in the Woojeong
Village serial murder case]
[Bong Bong Cafe]
Where did you come from?
There's something you should know.
[Woojeong Village Fishing, 300 meters]
If it's because of what I
said last night, don't worry.
That's just my personal situation.
I won't interfere with your work.
For me, "Mom" is not a loving name.
My so-called mom left
without holding me once
after giving birth to me.
So I don't really understand
a mothers' feelings.
I don't know if there's anything
special or loving like others talk about.
I never really wanted to know.
But no matter who it is,
I know there's no way the person
receiving love wouldn't know.
You love your mom so much to the point
where you don't care what happens to you.
Do you think your mom didn't know that?
- What do you mean...
- Do you think she chose to do that knowing that?
What are you saying...
Listen carefully.
At the first murder scene tomorrow night,
an item familiar to you will show up.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
A matchbox.
And the note inside.
[A woman who reads is dangerous]
This...
The police determined it was an indication that
the suspect planted it on purpose at the time.
Because the same item was found
in the second victim's belongings.
An indication?
Then why was this...
Why was an item used by
the suspect from 34 years ago
discovered again in the year 2021?
And why, of all places, was it at
the river where your mom died?
Can't be...
There's no definite answer.
All right, so let's just say
maybe your mom didn't know
about your feelings and
sincerity. But what if...
What if...
your mom ran into someone
else by that river that night?
And what if it was the culprit who
was never caught 34 years ago?
Then you're making a mistake right now.
You carelessly hated yourself
and tried to give up on your life.
Aren't you the one who
has to save your mom...
until the very end?
Yoon Young.
You were very surprised
yesterday, right? Sorry.
I really wasn't trying to deceive you
on purpose and meet Baek Hee Seop.
That's right.
How did I miss this?
I want to play with you
forever until I'm an old grandma.
With love, Mom.
That wasn't a suicide
note. It was a letter.
She was making a promise to me
that she'd always be by my side as usual.
How could I have misunderstood that?
How did I...
not realize that even until the end?
Yoon Young.
Are you that disappointed in me?
I'm sorry.
Why are you always sorry when I'm
the one who didn't understand you?
No, no, that's not it.
I really didn't know.
He had left a note inside the matchbox,
asking to meet at Bong Bong Cafe.
[Book King of the Month]
Don't worry.
I will make sure...
I'll make sure you never experience
something terrible like that ever again.
No matter what. I will protect you.
Thank you, but... is
that really that terrible?
I can at least meet to
drink juice with him, right?
It's not like I'm going to
marry Yoo Beom Ryong.
Ji Eun,
what are they doing?
I don't know.
The grades just came out.
Maybe Soon Ae's ranking dropped?
- Thank you.
- You worked hard.
- Mr. Choi.
- Yes.
- Take this and go eat something.
- Yes, thank you!
Yes.
- Yes.
- My son sent this for me from America.
Oh, from America?
- How is it? Doesn't it look luxurious?
- Wow, yes!
Wow, maybe because it's
from America, it seems different!
- You can touch it.
- Thank you!
Then you're making a mistake right now.
You carelessly hated yourself
and tried to give up on your life.
Geez! My goodness.
I didn't have to confront her so
harshly. I should've said it nicely.
Oh, gosh.
Yes, that's right. It's
truly a large country.
Since it's a large country,
the clothes are large...
and it looks very good.
- Hello.
- You're here.
Why would you throw that out?
Ms. Lee, come here.
I'll give you these precious gummies
that traveled 14 hours in a plane.
- Come over.
- Yes.
I didn't tell anyone
about last night's incident.
Bring me some while you're there.
Excuse me?
The gummies from America.
I will.
Thank you.
- Isn't that better?
- Definitely, American ones are different.
Here, here. Try one.
Thank you.
- Wow, look at that.
- Is that maybe...
- What's the rank?
- Let me see.
[12th Grade Midterm Ranking]
[12th Grade Midterm Ranking: 1. Lee Soon Ae,
2. Go Mi Sook, 3. Park Yoo Ri] First place?
First place.
Oh, my gosh!
You did this well in school?
Gosh, I'm so proud of you!
How do you place first? Wow, first place!
First place in the entire grade!
- First place in the entire grade!
- Oh, yeah!
Oh my gosh! What happened?
First place!
Hey.
[12th Grade Midterm Ranking]
I'm so proud of you!
Wow! What is this?
People who didn't do well
would be too sad to go on.
Hey, move.
[12th Grade Midterm Ranking]
You pretended as if you
did badly on your exam.
Lee Soon Ae always does
this, though, doesn't she?
Are you that happy?
Do you want me to write
it huge on your forehead?
Are you crazy...
You crazy Kim Hae Kyeong!
- Oh, geez.
- Hey, let's go.
Kim Hae Kyeong!
Hurry up and go inside!
Let's go.
Bring it back!
This school, interestingly...
must post only the lower rankings.
Why would she like that punk?
What does she see in him?
Oh, I see.
So this is how the equation works.
This is so fun!
The last place in the entire
grade, Yoo Beom Ryong!
Please get a hold of yourself!
Oh, geez.
What do I do with this idiot?
What's wrong?
Good god!
No, it's nothing. That's fine.
I don't want to lose our friendship.
No way.
Things didn't go well yesterday?
Even the flower I gave you didn't work?
What's that?
Why did you go through
so much to pick those?
The bought ones are much prettier.
Gosh! Seriously.
Take it.
Girls don't like ones that look pathetic.
Is that so?
But you're really not going to
tell me who you're confessing to?
I said I'll tell you if it goes well!
Okay. Fighting!
Thank you.
Hee Seop. Fighting.
Never mind the flower.
So what about you?
Did your girlfriend like it?
Of course! She always says she doesn't
like them, but that means she likes them!
Just being coy.
If she says she doesn't like
it, it means she doesn't like it.
But didn't you say you're
giving her only one?
And you gave me one. What
did you do with the other one?
Oh, that?
Well, I used it... for something good.
Hello.
Why are you saying it's not Go Mi Sook?
What if the suspect from this time
commits another crime 34 years later
and that was the reason my mom died?
Then I think the more the
reason it could be Go Mi Sook.
Yes, that is more than likely.
But then, who is the man who ran away after
sneaking a look at the student teacher?
I think that's the guy
I've been waiting for.
I've been waiting, thinking the
answer lies in Lee Joo Young's route.
Lee Joo Young's movement
on the night she was murdered.
​[Let's move forward with
self-discipline and creative intelligence.]
That night, Lee Joo Young
left the school at 10:00 p.m.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
She went straight to the Bong
Bong Cafe we went to last night.
Welcome.
She came out at 10:30 p.m.
after spending 20 minutes inside.
The next destination was,
of course, Motel Woojeong.
But that night, Lee Joo Young
did not arrive at the motel.
[Public Pay Phone]
[Motel Woojeong]
[Bong Bong Cafe]
Even at a slow pace, it only takes
three minutes from the cafe to the motel.
She disappeared within that short distance.
Until she was found dead the next day.
The suspect was not there
within that short distance?
No one saw who she ran
into within that distance.
That's why I plan to see
that for myself tomorrow.
Same time, same place, and same route.
I'll be right behind Lee Joo Young.
Then I would see that
man in the blue cap again.
Blue cap?
The only person Lee Joo Young
met during the 20 minutes in the cafe.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
She was arguing with someone?
He was a very suspicious character, but the
police weren't able to figure it out in the end.
But the guy I followed
last night had a blue cap on.
I'm not saying I'm completely
eliminating Go Mi Sook.
I'm going to fully consider and watch her.
But it's too early to say
anything about Go Mi Sook.
I will definitely catch them here.
That person will not be able to kill
anyone both in the years 1987 and 2021.
That's why I came here.
So just have a little faith in me and wait.
[Complete Mastery of the Academic Exam]
That Yoo Beom Ryong,
I said I don't like it...
[Let's achieve national consensus
through self-reliance and cooperation.]
I'll just check if she gets home safe.
Should I go with you?
It's something I should
do. It's no big deal.
And... take this.
Don't go alone. Go with your mom and uncle.
[Twist Jelly]
Yoon Young, let's go together.
Wow, these are American gummies!
You have a misunderstanding.
I was not chased or
threatened by anyone ever.
Her face said she was
definitely hiding something.
Let's get some twisted
bread sticks you like.
He knew I was following and
deliberately made me hear that.
As though he knew that
woman would be in danger.
Where are you going, Hyungnim?
Hey, Baek Dong Shik!
Where are you going by yourself?
Yes, there's something I wanted to check.
What are you trying to check?
If you'd bring a scoundrel like the hospital
director's son again, please stop. Okay?
- Okay?
- Yes.
There's a new student teacher at Woojeong
High, but her situation is a little strange.
I'll go check it out.
Hey!
What's strange?
You didn't know who she was, Hyungnim?
[Motel Entrance]
[Motel]
That student teacher
has three prior convictions.
We were all pretending not to
know. But she's no ordinary person.
It's going to be tonight.
If there's no other
variable, it will be tonight.
Is there really nothing I can help with?
This is related to me,
too. I can do anything.
I'm used to doing things on my own.
What if there is a variable?
You go ahead.
- Hello.
Don't forget your name tags.
- Over there.
- Hello.
I just asked you what's going on.
I also told you to move.
I wanted to give you a chance to do your part
with the little conscience you have left.
But you didn't come here to
help Lee Joo Young, did you?
You want me to help someone like that?
Mr. Yoon, you could have been
killed because of that woman.
Did you know that?
Hey! Go get her! Don't let her get away.
- Yes!
- Let's go.
Oh, my gosh. My foot.
How is she so fast?
I should have exercised more.
Dad, they really said they'd make me
Miss Korea if I just paid 500,000 won!
What kind of crazy talk is that!
Even if you donate 5 million won, there's
no way you can be Miss Korea, dummy!
W-Why? What's wrong with me?
Dad, I'm Woojeong Village's Kim Wan Sun. (Popular,
sexy Korean pop singer from the mid-80s to 90s)
I look the same, don't I?
What?
Even the melon is laughing!
So annoying!
Which is the fastest bus to Seoul?
It will be here in five minutes.
- Please give me a token.
- Token?
Wait a bit.
- Hurry, please.
- Why is everyone sweating early in the day?
What?
Shit. Just a moment!
Hey, catch her!
How dare that ugly weasel orders me around!
But since I saw you once
before, I'll listen to you, wench!
- Oh, gosh.
- Let go!
- Hey, Ms. Lee.
- Wait a minute.
Let go!
I don't know why you're doing this,
but you have to stay here tonight. Okay?
That's how we can catch him.
Probably so.
That Korean teacher is coming, too!
- It was you guys.
- Lee Joo Young.
You think I didn't know you were
watching me every night outside my motel?
Even finding me below the bridge
that night wasn't a coincidence!
You were planning to hand me
over to the police from the start!
You have a misunderstanding.
Please calm down and put down the knife.
I can't trust anyone.
You dirty little moles!
Please, believe me!
We are trying to help you, Lee Joo Young!
Let me go!
Let go!
Lee Joo Young, please!
The police are on their way,
so please lower your voice.
Isn't there anywhere we can hide?
Oh, yes! In here!
Go, go.
Are you all right? You're
not hurt anywhere?
I'm okay.
Is everything going to be okay?
Yes.
Well, the bus already left, and I
don't know who you're talking about.
Yeah. We were here talking
about Miss Korea the whole time.
Hello!
I told you, you can't be Miss Korea!
Dad, I told you I'm Woojeong
Village's Kim Wan Sun.
- Let's try the motel again.
- Yes.
Yes, sir.
Your dad peeled it for you, little wench!
Geez!
It's all because of me.
An unexpected occurrence happened
because of my wrong judgment.
In any case, it will be dangerous
to send her to the cafe tonight.
Yes, let's take her somewhere safe for now.
I thought I was alone...
and I was so scared.
I'm sorry.
Will you really be okay going alone?
I'm only going to see
his face and come back.
[Bong Bong Cafe]
If luck is on my side, even if
Lee Joo Young is not there,
he may appear at the
same time and same place.
[10:10 p.m.]
If luck is on your side, please
look at the face carefully.
That person will be the suspect
who kills my mom 34 years later.
This is nuts.
Timing and Subtitles brought to
you by the Time-Turner Team ⌚ @Viki
♫ I found the meaning of life ♫
♫ Come to me, darling ♫
♫ If there's anything you
want, I'll give it all to you ♫
♫ If you have any doubts,
just rest your worries ♫
♫ I'll lead you only down the
flower path, so just come to me ♫
[My Perfect Stranger]
The mysterious man in the
blue cap, one of the suspects.
Baek Hee Seop, the one most
likely the culprit whose route matches.
If the one with the blue cap really is the suspect,
it means he killed her mother and his wife.
- The blue cap is your-
- I know.
I saw him myself.
I never thought he was
that kind of a person.
He's just one of the suspects.
Are you saying my dad is
the one with the blue cap?
What did you say?
[Epilogue]
No way.
How could this be...
How could you do
something like that and just...
Don't come near me!
Don't come any closer!
[Bong Bong Cafe]